We are so close now to finishing to our background the one of the last things you want to do is we want
to add some particles to our water.
So what we're going to do is we're going to add a new layer.
And on this layer we're just going to make some white random dots on our water
and
then we're going to shrink our brush down and create some smaller dots
then we are going to come up to filters blurred and Box Blur and we're going to keep it at four.
Then we want to bring down the opacity
to about 40 percent then using our race tool on an opacity of a 4.
We are going to erase away some of our particles
.
We want to leave the lightest part of the particles and our light rays over here.
All right.
Now the next thing we want to do is we want to add a light reflection from the water that will be reflecting
up onto our islands.
So the way we'll do that is we'll add a new layer will come down to our island will select its shape
then we can close that back up then we're going to select this blue here and then using our brush tool
with a soft edge.
We are going to create a line on our new layer straight across our water line
go a little bit higher like so then we're going to select our water shape and we're going to delete
out the area that's underneath the water.
Now we're going to put our layer on lighten so and it will bring down the opacity.
Now we'll do the same thing for this island and we're just going to keep it on the same layer.
So it will come down to our floating island
and well-selected selected shape
then we're going to paint the bottom edges of our island.
So you might want to race away a little bit up here because it wouldn't be catching as much as of the
light.
Let's actually bring down the opacity a little bit more to about 30 percent